# JavaBuildWeb

In a Jenkins server, [create](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Building+a+software+project#Buildingasoftwareproject-Settinguptheproject) a new Free Style Project named **JavaBuildWeb**. 

The following sections correspond to the new project, and contain configuration values.

## General

* Project name: JavaBuildWeb

* Description: Clones the repository, builds the Java Web tier code, and uploads a zipped package of the artifacts into an Azure Storage Account.

* GitHub Project URL: `https://github.com/Azure/CityPower-Build-Sample/`

## Source Code Management

* Git

* Repository URL: `https://github.com/Azure/CityPower-Build-Sample.git`

* Branches to Build: Blank or `*/master`

## Build Triggers

To enable automatic builds, check the box next to **GitHub hook trigger for GITScm polling**.

## Build Environment

To start with a fresh environment each time, check the box **Delete workspace before build starts**.

## Build

> Ensure the [Gradle Plugin for Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Gradle+Plugin) is installed on the Jenkins server and operational.

Execute Shell 

```sh
cd $WORKSPACE/java/Session1/web/
pwd
ls -l
```

Invoke Gradle script

* Invoke Gradle with the default version

* Tasks: `build`

* Root Build Script: `${WORKSPACE}/java/Session1/web`

## Post-build Actions

Ensure the [Azure Storage Plugin for Jenkins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-java-jenkins-continuous-integration-solution#how-to-install-the-azure-storage-plugin) is installed and operational.

Create a new Azure Storage Account in a new Resource Group in your Azure subscription. This can either by done via the [Portal](http://portal.azure.com) or via the Azure CLI 2.0 with:

```sh
az group create -n OpenDevJenkinsArtifacts -l WestUS

az storage account create -n opendevjenkinsartifacts -g OpenDevJenkinsArtifacts -l WestUS --sku Standard_LRS
```


### Upload artifacts to Microsoft Azure Blob storage

* Storage Credentials: setup a Jenkins credential for your Azure Storage account by retrieving an account's Key 1 via the [Portal](http://portal.azure.com) or via the Azure CLI 2.0 with:
    
    ```sh
    az storage account keys list -n opendevjenkinsartifacts -g OpenDevJenkinsArtifacts
    ```

* Container Name: match the Jenkins Project name with `JavaBuildWeb`

* List of artifacts to upload: ``**/*.war` will ensure all the files built with NPM will be uploaded.

* Click the **Advanced** button within the Upload Artifacts to Microsoft Azure Blob storage section, and enable the following options:

    * Make new container public by default
    * Allow anonymous access for Azure artifact links generated by Jenkins.
    * Upload artifacts only on successful build

    This will upload the built .war file to an Azure Storage Account where it can be access by future projects during application deployment.
